This is the project release flow for a single release,
and the Agile release is composed of the following:
It begins with release planning, followed by one or more iterations or sprints,
and ending with a release retrospective.
So this is the entire release from end to end.
The term sprint and iteration represent the same concept.
Sprint is used in Scrum, and iteration is a general Agile term.
Now let's go into the next level, the agile sprint.
This is the project sprint flow for a single sprint,
and it's composed of the following: It begins with sprint planning,
which is the focus of this course, followed by one or more daily work activities,
and ending with a sprint retrospective, demo,
and review.
So this is the entire agile sprint from end to end.
Now let's go into the next level, the daily work.
This is the agile daily work,
and it's composed of the following: It begins with a daily standup,
followed by one or more daily work tasks and activities,
and includes daily work progress updates and actions.
So this is the daily work from end to end. Now let's see how all this fits together on a single slide.